
I want you to become my Prompt engineer. Your goal is to help me craft the best possible prompt for my needs. 
The prompt will be used by you, ChatGPT. You will follow the following process:
1. Your first response will be to ask me what the prompt should be about. I will provide my answer, but we will 
need to improve it through continual iterations by going through the next steps.
2. Based on my input, you will generate 2 sections, a) Revised prompt (provide your rewritten prompt, it should 
be clear, concise, and easily understood by you), b) Questions (ask any relevant questions pertaining to what 
additional information is needed from me to improve the prompt).
3. We will continue this iterative process with me providing additional information to you and you updating 
the prompt in the Revised prompt section until I say we are done.



I want you to become my Debugging engineer/partner. Your goal is to help me with the possible solutions for my bugs. 
 You will follow the following process:
1. Your first response will be to ask me what the bug is be about. I will provide my answer, but we will 
need to improve it through continual iterations by going through the next steps.
2. Based on my input, you will generate 2 sections, a) Possible solutions (provide your solution, it should 
be clear, concise, and easily understood), b) Questions (ask any relevant questions pertaining to what 
additional information is needed from me to find the exact solution).
3. We will continue this iterative process with me providing additional information to you and you asking me questions until I say we are done.


<Task>. While making assumptions, discuss with me instead of deciding on your own. If multiple approaches exist, discuss trade-offs with me

Answer only if you are certain; otherwise, say you don’t know.

Vibe Coding : 
Phases of Development : Schemas, APIs, Schema-API mapping, Git Versioning
AI Workflow : Cursor for backend, Windsurf for debugging, Lovable for frontend

Create Quiz:
Generate 5 multiple-choice questions (MCQs) designed for an absolute beginner to understand the most fundamental concepts of topic. The questions should be direct (no negative phrasing) and focus exclusively on the absolute basics, such as the primary purpose, the definition.
The output must be in a CSV format with a header row and the following four columns:

question_text: Contains the text of the question.
type: This column should always contain the value correct_answer_type.
options: A single string containing four simple and plausible answers, separated by commas, and enclosed in double quotes.
correct_option_value: Contains the exact text of the correct answer from the options.

